now let's take you to some Superbike
racing these guys make it look so
beautiful until tragedy strikes you
can't bump you can't touch at all in
this former racing and as you see the
most important thing is that writer
getting out of the way here it is again
both riders going for the corner bike
number 120 gets an elbow in tries to
lean on him a little bit and pays the
price now the rider on bike number 48
did a fantastic job riding against the
barrier before i'll tell you what he's
going to pay the price here's another
great example of poetry in motion super
bikes are a beautiful thing to watch and
it's a clean running sport until you go
down at speeds approaching a hundred
miles an hour going into the corners
once one rider goes if anybody's near
him he's going to take a friend along
with him and here you see one rider
going off and you'll see the other rider
and bottom of the picture come through
and he'll slide right in front of us
it's very typical in road racing if one
goes down in the corner he's gonna take
somebody with them and sometimes maybe
two motorcycle roadracing reaches the
highest speeds and here on the banks
they really get it on when they come off
the banks they break very hard to go
into the essence these riders have it
all under control if you can't break you
gotta bail out and this is what happens
thank God for grass and hay bales
here it is again riders coming very hard
into the corner rider obviously
realizing he's not going to make it
fails it off into the grass a great
safety precaution and as you know for
anybody who rides motorcycles on the
street or on the dirt everybody you see
here is in full protective gear and this
is a great reason why they wear well
when you take an auto racing
Superspeedway like Charlotte Motor
Speedway had put motorcycles on them
things can get real wild and real quick
right at the start we lose a slew of
them on the grass here's what we talked
about earlier one mistake and you're
taking out a ton of people one rider
looks like he's a little bit hurt but
he's going to get back up the medical
people be over to him very shortly these
road racers take great precaution and
how they ride here you see a red flag
being displayed coursework you're
letting everybody know there is going to
be a restart now let's watch it again
the right on the inside of the grass
trying to make a good move if it hadn't
been for the right arm is outside
everything would have been okay but it
got too close too quick and this is the
end result let's look at it one more
time here they come now there you see
him in the million screen on the red
bike it's a guy on the white bike who's
gonna cause the problem he is on the
grass and realizes he's got to get back
on the pavement as soon as he gets on
the pavement he runs into the rider
riding the red bike and everybody goes
down like bowling alley
you
[Music]
road racing is very very unforgiving
here's a couple of riders is going
through the s is going through the
corners very very hard dragon Annie and
here you see what happens when things
just don't go right through the bank
turns rider loses control the motorcycle
and puts it into the wall and as you see
the other riders hold their hands up
they know what's going on and the red
flag comes out immediately and the
safety crew goes to work
[Music]
now we'll take a look at some other
starts on the Charlotte Motor Speedway
[Music]
hear the same thing happens riders going
through on the inside cause a problem
but this time one rider goes down on the
track nobody gets to the grass except to
ride through the grass and there's no
real problem other than the pride of
this racer now obviously he's a little
bit shaken up the course workers will go
take a look at him make sure
everything's okay now we get back to the
poetry of motion and the red flag comes
out so they will restart this one as
well let's take a look at it again in
slow motion what difference start then
last time one rider involved and you can
see them right there it seems to be the
edge of the grass is where all the
problems are starting but this time
riders are well aware of the situation
and able to apply the brakes and as you
see two riders go down but everybody's
going to be able to get back up and get
into the motor race
[Music]
the start of a road race is so important
so calculated and one mistake like we
said can cause a problem
[Music]
now we take a look at some of the heroes
of the sport and then they make mistakes
every once in a while too here comes a
beautiful turn hits a bump in the
pavement and goes down yellow flags will
come out as a corner workers try to slow
the rest of the riders down let's take
another look at this he's beautifully
set up here he's on the brakes now he
rolls back on the throttle shifts his
weight and he cuts too close to the
inside there's the safety precaution
buff he hits it and slides it